namespace/s-35 created
NAME              STATUS   AGE
admin             Active   2d1h
default           Active   20d
ingress-nginx     Active   4d1h
kube-node-lease   Active   4d1h
kube-public       Active   20d
kube-system       Active   20d
s-23              Active   39h
s-24              Active   39h
s-27              Active   39h
s-28              Active   39h
s-29              Active   39h
s-30              Active   39h
s-34              Active   39h
s-35              Active   50s
s-36              Active   55m
s-37              Active   39h
s-38              Active   39h
s-40              Active   39h
s-44              Active   39h
s-46              Active   39h
s-49              Active   39h
student-24        Active   45h
